[DO NOT MERGE] Work-in-progress PWA reference content (#1429)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/handle-files.md

The first thing to do is to declare which types of files your app handles. This is done in your app [manifest file][ManifestFileDoc], using the `file_handlers` array member.

Each entry in the `file_handlers` array needs to have two properties:

*  `action`: The URL the operating system should navigate to when launching your PWA.
*  `accept`: An object of accepted file types. Keys are MIME-types (partial types, using the wildcard symbol `*`, are accepted), and values are arrays of accepted file extensions.

Consider the following example:

```json
{
    "file_handlers": [
        {
            "action": "/openFile",
            "accept": {
                "text/*": [
                    ".txt"
                ]
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

In this example, the app registers a single file handler for that accepts text files. When a `.txt` file is opened by the user by, for example, double-clicking its icon on the desktop, then the operating system launches the app using the `/openFile` URL.

## Detect if the File Handling API is available

Before handling the files, your app needs to check if the File Handling API is available on the device and browser.

> The check if the API is available test if the `launchQueue` object exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check whether the File Handling API is available, test whether the `launchQueue` object exists, as follows:
```
@captainbrosset - ok?

> The check if the API is available test if the `launchQueue` object exists:

Author: Sounds good.
